dEQP-GLES2.functional.buffer.write.use.index_array.array,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.buffer.write.use.index_array.element_array,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.line.wide_line_clip_viewport_center,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.line.wide_line_clip_viewport_corner,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_three.clip_pos_y_pos_z_and_neg_x_neg_y_pos_z_and_pos_x_pos_y_neg_z,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.depth_stencil_clear.depth_stencil_masked,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.depth_stencil_clear.depth_stencil,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_elements.triangle_fan.single_attribute,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.color_clear.rbo_rgba4_depth_component16,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.color_clear.rbo_rgba4_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.color_clear.rbo_rgba4,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_rbo_rgb5_a1_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_rbo_rgb565_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_rbo_rgba4_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_tex2d_rgb_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_tex2d_rgba_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_rbo_rgb5_a1_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_rbo_rgb565_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_rbo_rgba4_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_tex2d_rgb_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_tex2d_rgba_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.resize.rbo_rgb5_a1_depth_component16,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.resize.rbo_rgb5_a1_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.resize.rbo_rgb5_a1,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.resize.rbo_rgb565_depth_component16,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.resize.rbo_rgb565_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.resize.rbo_rgb565,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.resize.rbo_rgba4_depth_component16,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.resize.rbo_rgba4_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.resize.rbo_rgba4,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.resize.tex2d_rgb_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.resize.tex2d_rgba_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.shared_colorbuffer.rbo_rgb5_a1_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.shared_colorbuffer.rbo_rgb565_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.shared_colorbuffer.rbo_rgba4_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.shared_colorbuffer.tex2d_rgb_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.shared_colorbuffer.tex2d_rgba_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.stencil_clear.rbo_rgb5_a1_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.stencil_clear.rbo_rgb565_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.stencil_clear.rbo_rgba4_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.stencil_clear.tex2d_rgb_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.stencil_clear.tex2d_rgba_stencil_index8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.texsubimage.after_render_tex2d_rgb,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.texsubimage.after_render_tex2d_rgba,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.texsubimage.between_render_tex2d_rgb,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.texsubimage.between_render_tex2d_rgba,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.0,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.1,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.10,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.11,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.12,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.13,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.14,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.15,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.16,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.17,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.18,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.19,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.2,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.20,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.21,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.22,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.23,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.24,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.3,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.4,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.5,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.6,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.7,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.random.9,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.write_mask.both,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.depth_stencil.write_mask.stencil,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.2,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.23,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.27,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.35,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.39,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.4,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.41,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.42,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.47,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.5,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.51,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.56,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.58,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.60,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.70,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.72,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.74,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.75,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.76,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.77,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.78,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.8,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.82,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.87,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.90,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.94,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.99,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.0,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.1,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.11,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.14,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.17,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.20,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.24,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.25,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.27,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.3,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.30,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.31,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.34,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.36,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.37,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.4,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.40,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.45,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.49,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.5,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.50,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.52,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.54,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.56,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.60,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.61,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.69,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.7,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.74,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.77,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.78,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.80,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.85,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.86,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.9,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.90,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.96,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.97,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.random.98,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.rasterization.limits.points,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.shaders.indexing.tmp_array.vec3_const_write_dynamic_read_fragment,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.shaders.indexing.tmp_array.vec3_const_write_dynamic_read_vertex,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.shaders.indexing.tmp_array.vec4_const_write_dynamic_read_fragment,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.shaders.indexing.tmp_array.vec4_const_write_dynamic_read_vertex,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.texture.vertex.cube.filtering.nearest_mipmap_linear_linear_clamp,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.texture.vertex.cube.filtering.nearest_mipmap_linear_linear_mirror,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.texture.vertex.cube.filtering.nearest_mipmap_linear_linear_repeat,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.texture.vertex.cube.filtering.nearest_mipmap_nearest_linear_clamp,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.texture.vertex.cube.filtering.nearest_mipmap_nearest_linear_mirror,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.texture.vertex.cube.filtering.nearest_mipmap_nearest_linear_repeat,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.uniform_api.random.0,Fail

shaders@glsl-bug-110796,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-blend-func,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-dlist-bitmap,Crash
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-dlist-materials,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-dlist-shademodel,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-drawbuffer-modes,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-edgeflag-const,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-edgeflag-quads,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-edgeflag,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_AND_INVERTED,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_AND_REVERSE,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_AND,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_CLEAR,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_COPY_INVERTED,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_EQUIV,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_INVERT,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_NAND,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_NOOP,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_NOR,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_OR_INVERTED,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_OR_REVERSE,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_OR,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_SET,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-logicop@GL_XOR,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-no-op-paths,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-ortho-pos,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-spot-light,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-swapbuffers-behavior,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-user-clip-all-planes,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glBegin/End(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawArrays(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_POLYGON)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUAD_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_QUADS)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_FAN)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CCW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_FILL)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: center top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: left top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right bottom PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right middle PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: FIRST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@clipflat@glDrawElements(GL_TRIANGLES)- glFrontFace(GL_CW)- glPolygonMode(GL_LINE)- quadrant: right top PV: LAST,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@depthstencil-default_fb-clear,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@depthstencil-default_fb-copypixels,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@getteximage-luminance,Crash
spec@!opengl 1.1@gl-1.1-xor-copypixels,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@gl-1.1-xor,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@line-flat-clip-color,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@linestipple,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@linestipple@Factor 2x,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@linestipple@Factor 3x,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@linestipple@Line loop,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@linestipple@Line strip,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@linestipple@Restarting lines within a single Begin-End block,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 0: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 0: Expected white pixel on right edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 0: Expected white pixel on top edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 1: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 1: Expected white pixel on right edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 1: Expected white pixel on top edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 2: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 2: Expected white pixel on right edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 2: Expected white pixel on top edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 3: Expected white pixel on bottom edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 3: Expected white pixel on left edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 3: Expected white pixel on right edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 3: Expected white pixel on top edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 4: Expected white pixel on bottom edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 4: Expected white pixel on left edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 4: Expected white pixel on right edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 4: Expected white pixel on top edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 5: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 5: Expected white pixel on right edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 5: Expected white pixel on top edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 6: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 6: Expected white pixel on right edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 6: Expected white pixel on top edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-offset,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@read-front clear-front-first,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@read-front,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@streaming-texture-leak,Timeout
spec@!opengl 1.1@teximage-scale-bias,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap 1d bordercolor,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap 1d bordercolor@GL_RGBA8- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap 1d proj bordercolor,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap 1d proj bordercolor@GL_RGBA8- projected- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap 2d bordercolor,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap 2d bordercolor@GL_RGBA8- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap 2d proj bordercolor,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap 2d proj bordercolor@GL_RGBA8- projected- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_ALPHA12- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_ALPHA16- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_ALPHA4- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_ALPHA8- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_INTENSITY12- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_INTENSITY16- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_INTENSITY4- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_INTENSITY8- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_LUMINANCE12_ALPHA12- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_LUMINANCE12_ALPHA4- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_LUMINANCE12- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_LUMINANCE16_ALPHA16- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_LUMINANCE16- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_LUMINANCE4_ALPHA4- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_LUMINANCE4- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_LUMINANCE6_ALPHA2- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_LUMINANCE8_ALPHA8- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_LUMINANCE8- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_R3_G3_B2- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_RGB10_A2- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_RGB10- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_RGB12- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_RGB16- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_RGB4- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_RGB5_A1- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_RGB5- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_RGB8- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_RGBA12- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_RGBA16- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_RGBA2- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_RGBA4- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_RGBA8- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_ALPHA12- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_ALPHA16- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_ALPHA4- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_ALPHA8- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_INTENSITY12- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_INTENSITY16- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_INTENSITY4- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_INTENSITY8- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_LUMINANCE12_ALPHA12- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_LUMINANCE12_ALPHA4- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_LUMINANCE12- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_LUMINANCE16_ALPHA16- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_LUMINANCE16- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_LUMINANCE4_ALPHA4- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_LUMINANCE4- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_LUMINANCE6_ALPHA2- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_LUMINANCE8_ALPHA8- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_LUMINANCE8- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_R3_G3_B2- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_RGB10_A2- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_RGB10- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_RGB12- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_RGB16- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_RGB4- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_RGB5_A1- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_RGB5- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_RGB8- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_RGBA12- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_RGBA16- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_RGBA2- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_RGBA4- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_RGBA8- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@two-sided-lighting,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@user-clip,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.2@copyteximage 3d,Crash
spec@!opengl 1.2@lodclamp-between-max,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.2@texwrap 3d bordercolor,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.2@texwrap 3d bordercolor@GL_RGBA8- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.2@texwrap 3d proj bordercolor,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.2@texwrap 3d proj bordercolor@GL_RGBA8- projected- border color only,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.2@two-sided-lighting-separate-specular,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.3@gl-1.3-texture-env,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.3@tex-border-1,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.3@tex3d-depth1,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.4@gl-1.4-polygon-offset,Fail
spec@!opengl 2.1@pbo,Fail
spec@!opengl 2.1@pbo@test_polygon_stip,Fail
spec@!opengl es 2.0@glsl-fs-pointcoord,Fail
spec@arb_depth_texture@fbo-depth-gl_depth_component16-tex1d,Fail
spec@arb_depth_texture@fbo-depth-gl_depth_component24-blit,Fail
spec@arb_depth_texture@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled,Fail
spec@arb_depth_texture@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_DEPTH_COMPONENT16- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_depth_texture@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_DEPTH_COMPONENT24- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_depth_texture@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_DEPTH_COMPONENT32- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_depth_texture@texwrap formats bordercolor,Fail
spec@arb_depth_texture@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_DEPTH_COMPONENT16- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_depth_texture@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_DEPTH_COMPONENT24- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_depth_texture@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_DEPTH_COMPONENT32- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_es2_compatibility@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled,Fail
spec@arb_es2_compatibility@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_RGB565- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_es2_compatibility@texwrap formats bordercolor,Fail
spec@arb_es2_compatibility@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_RGB565- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_fragment_program@fp-indirections2,Fail
spec@arb_fragment_program@sparse-samplers,Fail
spec@arb_framebuffer_object@fbo-alpha,Crash
spec@arb_framebuffer_object@fbo-blit-stretch,Fail
spec@arb_framebuffer_object@fbo-incomplete,Crash
spec@arb_framebuffer_object@framebuffer-blit-levels draw stencil,Fail
spec@arb_framebuffer_object@framebuffer-blit-levels read stencil,Fail
spec@arb_framebuffer_object@same-attachment-glframebuffertexture2d-gl_depth_stencil_attachment,Fail
spec@arb_internalformat_query2@all internalformat_<x>_type pname checks,Timeout
spec@arb_internalformat_query2@max dimensions related pname checks,Fail
spec@arb_internalformat_query2@max dimensions related pname checks@GL_MAX_LAYERS,Fail
spec@arb_occlusion_query@occlusion_query_conform,Fail
spec@arb_occlusion_query@occlusion_query_conform@GetObjivAval_multi1,Fail
spec@arb_occlusion_query@occlusion_query_conform@GetObjivAval_multi2,Fail
spec@arb_occlusion_query@occlusion_query_meta_fragments,Fail
spec@arb_occlusion_query@occlusion_query,Fail
spec@arb_occlusion_query2@render,Fail
spec@arb_pixel_buffer_object@cubemap npot pbo,Fail
spec@arb_pixel_buffer_object@fbo-pbo-readpixels-small,Fail
spec@arb_pixel_buffer_object@texsubimage-depth-formats pbo,Fail
spec@arb_provoking_vertex@arb-provoking-vertex-clipped-geometry-flatshading,Fail
spec@arb_provoking_vertex@arb-provoking-vertex-render,Fail
spec@arb_texture_compression@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled,Fail
spec@arb_texture_compression@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_ALPHA- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_texture_compression@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_INTENSITY- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_texture_compression@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_LUMINANCE_ALPHA- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_texture_compression@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_LUMINANCE- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_texture_compression@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_RGB- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_texture_compression@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_RGBA- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_texture_compression@texwrap formats bordercolor,Fail
spec@arb_texture_compression@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_ALPHA- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_texture_compression@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_INTENSITY- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_texture_compression@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_LUMINANCE_ALPHA- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_texture_compression@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_LUMINANCE- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_texture_compression@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_RGB- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_texture_compression@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_RGBA- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_texture_cube_map@cubemap npot,Fail
spec@arb_texture_rectangle@texwrap rect bordercolor,Fail
spec@arb_texture_rectangle@texwrap rect bordercolor@GL_RGBA8- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_texture_rectangle@texwrap rect proj bordercolor,Fail
spec@arb_texture_rectangle@texwrap rect proj bordercolor@GL_RGBA8- projected- border color only,Fail
spec@arb_texture_storage@texture-storage,Fail
spec@arb_texture_storage@texture-storage@2D mipmap rendering ,Fail
spec@arb_vertex_program@big-param,Fail
spec@arb_vertex_program@clip-plane-transformation arb,Fail
spec@egl 1.4@eglterminate then unbind context,Fail
spec@egl_ext_protected_content@conformance,Fail
spec@egl_khr_gl_image@egl_khr_gl_renderbuffer_image-clear-shared-image gl_depth_component24,Fail
spec@egl_khr_gl_image@egl_khr_gl_renderbuffer_image-clear-shared-image gl_rgba,Fail
spec@egl_khr_surfaceless_context@viewport,Fail
spec@ext_direct_state_access@textures,Fail
spec@ext_direct_state_access@textures@CopyTextureSubImage3DEXT + display list GL_COMPILE_AND_EXECUTE,Fail
spec@ext_direct_state_access@textures@CopyTextureSubImage3DEXT + display list GL_COMPILE,Fail
spec@ext_direct_state_access@textures@CopyTextureSubImage3DEXT,Fail
spec@ext_direct_state_access@textures@GL_PROXY_TEXTURE_1D + glTex* + display list GL_COMPILE_AND_EXECUTE,Fail
spec@ext_direct_state_access@textures@GL_PROXY_TEXTURE_1D + glTex* + display list GL_COMPILE,Fail
spec@ext_direct_state_access@textures@GL_PROXY_TEXTURE_1D + glTex*,Fail
spec@ext_direct_state_access@textures@TextureParameteriEXT + display list GL_COMPILE_AND_EXECUTE,Fail
spec@ext_direct_state_access@textures@TextureParameteriEXT + display list GL_COMPILE,Fail
spec@ext_direct_state_access@textures@TextureParameteriEXT,Fail
spec@ext_direct_state_access@textures@TextureParameterivEXT + display list GL_COMPILE_AND_EXECUTE,Fail
spec@ext_direct_state_access@textures@TextureParameterivEXT + display list GL_COMPILE,Fail
spec@ext_direct_state_access@textures@TextureParameterivEXT,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_blit@fbo-blit-check-limits,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-3d,Crash
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-alphatest-formats,Crash
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-blending-format-quirks,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-blending-formats,Crash
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-clear-formats,Crash
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-colormask-formats,Crash
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-copyteximage-simple,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-copyteximage,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-cubemap,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-readpixels,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-stencil-gl_stencil_index1-blit,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-stencil-gl_stencil_index16-blit,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-stencil-gl_stencil_index4-blit,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-stencil-gl_stencil_index8-blit,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@getteximage-formats init-by-clear-and-render,Crash
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@getteximage-formats init-by-rendering,Crash
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-export,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_p010,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_p012,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_p016,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_y210,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_y212,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_y216,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_y412,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_y416,Fail
spec@ext_packed_depth_stencil@depth_stencil texture,Fail
spec@ext_packed_depth_stencil@fbo-clear-formats stencil,Fail
spec@ext_packed_depth_stencil@fbo-clear-formats stencil@GL_DEPTH_STENCIL,Fail
spec@ext_packed_depth_stencil@fbo-clear-formats stencil@GL_DEPTH24_STENCIL8,Fail
spec@ext_packed_depth_stencil@fbo-depth-gl_depth24_stencil8-copypixels,Fail
spec@ext_packed_depth_stencil@fbo-depthstencil-gl_depth24_stencil8-clear,Fail
spec@ext_packed_depth_stencil@fbo-stencil-gl_depth24_stencil8-blit,Fail
spec@ext_packed_depth_stencil@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled,Fail
spec@ext_packed_depth_stencil@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_DEPTH24_STENCIL8- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_packed_depth_stencil@texwrap formats bordercolor,Fail
spec@ext_packed_depth_stencil@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_DEPTH24_STENCIL8- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_provoking_vertex@provoking-vertex,Fail
spec@ext_texture_compression_s3tc@s3tc-targeted,Fail
spec@ext_texture_compression_s3tc@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled,Fail
spec@ext_texture_compression_s3tc@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_RGB_S3TC_DXT1_EXT- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_compression_s3tc@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_RGBA_S3TC_DXT1_EXT- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_compression_s3tc@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_RGBA_S3TC_DXT3_EXT- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_compression_s3tc@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_RGBA_S3TC_DXT5_EXT- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_compression_s3tc@texwrap formats bordercolor,Fail
spec@ext_texture_compression_s3tc@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_RGB_S3TC_DXT1_EXT- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_compression_s3tc@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_RGBA_S3TC_DXT1_EXT- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_compression_s3tc@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_RGBA_S3TC_DXT3_EXT- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_compression_s3tc@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_RGBA_S3TC_DXT5_EXT- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_format_bgra8888@api-errors,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@fbo-alphatest-formats,Crash
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_SLUMINANCE8_ALPHA8- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_SLUMINANCE8- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_SRGB8_ALPHA8- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats bordercolor-swizzled@GL_SRGB8- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats bordercolor,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_SLUMINANCE8_ALPHA8- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_SLUMINANCE8- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_SRGB8_ALPHA8- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats bordercolor@GL_SRGB8- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor-swizzled,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_SLUMINANCE_ALPHA- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_SLUMINANCE- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_SRGB_ALPHA_S3TC_DXT1_EXT- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_SRGB_ALPHA_S3TC_DXT3_EXT- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_SRGB_ALPHA_S3TC_DXT5_EXT- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_SRGB_ALPHA- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_SRGB_S3TC_DXT1_EXT- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor-swizzled@GL_COMPRESSED_SRGB- swizzled- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_SLUMINANCE_ALPHA- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_SLUMINANCE- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_SRGB_ALPHA_S3TC_DXT1_EXT- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_SRGB_ALPHA_S3TC_DXT3_EXT- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_SRGB_ALPHA_S3TC_DXT5_EXT- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_SRGB_ALPHA- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_SRGB_S3TC_DXT1_EXT- border color only,Fail
spec@ext_texture_srgb@texwrap formats-s3tc bordercolor@GL_COMPRESSED_SRGB- border color only,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@clipping@clip-plane-transformation fixed,Fail
spec@glsl-es-1.00@execution@glsl-no-vertex-attribs,Fail
spec@intel_performance_query@intel_performance_query-issue_2235,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gles srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gles srgb,Fail
spec@nv_copy_image@nv_copy_image-simple --tex-to-tex,Fail
